docs/README.md, before:



<!-- Start src/upup.js -->

# Quick Start

The quickest way to get started is to visit the [UpUp homepage](https://www.talater.com/upup/).

Next, you'll want to experiment with the [Getting Started with Offline First using UpUp tutorial](https://www.talater.com/upup/getting-started-with-offline-first.html).

Once you're ready for a more in-depth look at the UpUp API, read on.

# Good to Know

## ServiceWorker

At the heart of UpUp are ServiceWorkers - a new web technology, which allows developers to take control and shape user's requests to their server.

While UpUp abstracts much of ServiceWorkers' complexity, browser compatibility issues and flattens the learning curve, there are a few things to be aware of.

### HTTPS only

ServiceWorkers, and thus UpUp, only work when the user is accessing your server over a secure connection.

During development you can also use UpUp through localhost or file (e.g. both http://localhost/ and file:///Users/tal/index.html are ok)

### Scope
UpUp can only serve offline content for requests within its scope. The scope is determined by where you placed the `upup.min.js` and `upup.sw.min.js` files.

This means that if you placed the files in your `/js/` directory, UpUp will only be able to show your offline content when users try to look inside the `/js/` directory.

**This is why you should always place the script as close to the root of your site as possible (e.g. https://www.talater.com/upup.min.js).**

## Settings

UpUp can be configured either by calling addSettings() with a settings object, or by passing the
same settings object directly to the start() method.

#### Examples:
    // Set up offline mode with a basic message
    UpUp.addSettings({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });
    UpUp.start();

    // The same thing can be achieved like this
    UpUp.start({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });

The settings object supports the following options:
- `content-url`  (String) The content to display when user is offline (url to the content that will be served)
- `content`      (String) The content to display when user is offline (plain text, HTML, etc.)
- `assets`       (Array)  Array of assets to cache for offline access

# API Reference

## start([settings])

Make this site available offline

Can receive a settings object directly, or be configured by running addSettings() first.
See Settings section of docs for details.

#### Examples:
    // Set up offline mode with a basic message
    UpUp.start({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });

    // Set up offline mode with the settings defined previously via addSettings()
    UpUp.start();

### Params:

* **Object** *[settings]* - Settings for offline mode

## addSettings([settings])

Adds settings to configure how UpUp behaves.
Call this before running start, or just pass the settings object when calling the start method.

Receives a mandatory settings object. See Settings section of docs for details.

#### Examples:
    // Set up offline mode with a basic message
    UpUp.addSettings({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });
    UpUp.start();

    // The same thing can be achieved like this
    UpUp.start({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });

See: [Settings](#settings)

### Params:

* **Object** *[settings]* - Settings for offline mode

## debug([newState=true])

Turn on or off the output of debug messages to the console.
Don't pass any parameters to turn on, or pass a boolean to explicitly set
debug state on or off.

### Params:

* **Boolean** *[newState=true]* - Turn on/off debug messages

<!-- End src/upup.js -->

Commit message:

Allow replacing default service worker's url - fix #19

docs/README.md, after:



<!-- Start src/upup.js -->

# Quick Start

The quickest way to get started is to visit the [UpUp homepage](https://www.talater.com/upup/).

Next, you'll want to experiment with the [Getting Started with Offline First using UpUp tutorial](https://www.talater.com/upup/getting-started-with-offline-first.html).

Once you're ready for a more in-depth look at the UpUp API, read on.

# Good to Know

## ServiceWorker

At the heart of UpUp are ServiceWorkers - a new web technology, which allows developers to take control and shape user's requests to their server.

While UpUp abstracts much of ServiceWorkers' complexity, browser compatibility issues and flattens the learning curve, there are a few things to be aware of.

### HTTPS only

ServiceWorkers, and thus UpUp, only work when the user is accessing your server over a secure connection.

During development you can also use UpUp through localhost or file (e.g. both http://localhost/ and file:///Users/tal/index.html are ok)

### Scope
UpUp can only serve offline content for requests within its scope. The scope is determined by where you placed the `upup.min.js` and `upup.sw.min.js` files.

This means that if you placed the files in your `/js/` directory, UpUp will only be able to show your offline content when users try to look inside the `/js/` directory.

**This is why you should always place the script as close to the root of your site as possible (e.g. https://www.talater.com/upup.min.js).**

## Settings

UpUp can be configured either by calling addSettings() with a settings object, or by passing the
same settings object directly to the start() method.

#### Examples:
    // Set up offline mode with a basic message
    UpUp.addSettings({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });
    UpUp.start();

    // The same thing can be achieved like this
    UpUp.start({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });

The settings object supports the following options:
- `content-url`         (String) The content to display when user is offline (url to the content that will be served)
- `content`             (String) The content to display when user is offline (plain text, HTML, etc.)
- `assets`              (Array)  Array of assets to cache for offline access
- `service-worker-url`  (String) The `upup.sw.js`'s url, allows placing `upup.js` and `upup.sw.js` in different directories and using CDNs.

# API Reference

## start([settings])

Make this site available offline

Can receive a settings object directly, or be configured by running addSettings() first.
See Settings section of docs for details.

#### Examples:
    // Set up offline mode with a basic message
    UpUp.start({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });

    // Set up offline mode with the settings defined previously via addSettings()
    UpUp.start();

### Params:

* **Object** *[settings]* - Settings for offline mode

## addSettings([settings])

Adds settings to configure how UpUp behaves.
Call this before running start, or just pass the settings object when calling the start method.

Receives a mandatory settings object. See Settings section of docs for details.

#### Examples:
    // Set up offline mode with a basic message
    UpUp.addSettings({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });
    UpUp.start();

    // The same thing can be achieved like this
    UpUp.start({ content: 'Cannot reach site. Please check your internet connection.' });

See: [Settings](#settings)

### Params:

* **Object** *[settings]* - Settings for offline mode

## debug([newState=true])

Turn on or off the output of debug messages to the console.
Don't pass any parameters to turn on, or pass a boolean to explicitly set
debug state on or off.

### Params:

* **Boolean** *[newState=true]* - Turn on/off debug messages

<!-- End src/upup.js -->
